What to prepare
Water run and flight
And the liquid enters the bottle in the soup
If you say
Soaked in oil
It is a thread
This is it
Four days
Hmm
by the way
I to will continue to wound the flights
Hmm
Yes winding Tsukimashi was
Next will beat this with a lighter
Well
Well then
I was hit in a row
Put the water in this
Hmm
Tsu to the
I think that I will
Cormorant but luck'll be busy every day
Is it not broken
After this I was looking forward to using Toki, but I did not break properly
That again
I tried to immerse in the most fat and put a fire
Hino
This in a while is hit but is now Moeutsuri to properly Oh that Ito
Day-to-day to 8 Fu say If you have over the water animals was broken
That's that one
There was no sound and there was no cracked element, but this time it was cracked
In completely destroyed with it
That's why I was able to succeed that day's cutting like I posted
I was told quite everyday but did you understand
Well that also
I would like because also thank you at that time to post a new video to a different opportunity
I will